feat: add parallel_pull_as_fallback config option (#1938)
awslabs/soci-snapshotter: docs/parallel-mode.md

## Known Limitations

### Parallel Pull as Fallback for Lazy-Load

When using lazy-load as the primary pull mode (`soci_v2.enable = true`), images without a SOCI index normally fall back to the container runtime's sequential pull, which can be slower than a standard Docker pull. To avoid this regression, you can enable `parallel_pull_as_fallback`:

```toml
[pull_modes.soci_v2]
  enable = true

[pull_modes.parallel_pull_unpack]
  enable = false
  parallel_pull_as_fallback = true
  max_concurrent_downloads_per_image = 10
  concurrent_download_chunk_size = "16mb"
  max_concurrent_unpacks_per_image = 10
  discard_unpacked_layers = true
```

> With this configuration:

Reviewer: Please remove the performance numbers as they are not applicable to every setup and are highly workflow-dependent. (And it's generally bad practice to advertise numbers for a general-use tool such as SOCI where environments vary wildly.)

The numbers for lazy-loading are also not accurate as there is no real pulling step. In exchange, every FS operation during the workload will take a little more time as it needs to be fetched on demand and go through FUSE. Hence how much faster it is is highly dependent on your workflow.

## Known Limitations

### Parallel Pull as Fallback for Lazy-Load

> When using lazy-load as the primary pull mode (`soci_v2.enable = true`), images without a SOCI index normally fall back to the container runtime's sequential pull, which can be slower than a standard Docker pull. To avoid this regression, you can enable `experimental_parallel_pull_as_fallback`:

Reviewer: Can also work with SOCIv1 (at least with the changes that have been made). Also some minor wording change suggestions.

```suggestion
When using lazy-load as the primary pull mode (`soci_v2.enable = true` or `soci_v1.enable = true`), images without a SOCI index normally fall back to the container runtime's sequential pull, which can be slower than a standard image pull. To avoid this behavior, you can enable `experimental_parallel_pull_as_fallback`:
```
